Born and raised in Australia I am. People say I'm one hell of an aussie. When I'm is not riding kangaroos or wrestling crocodiles, you can be sure to find me eating vegemite in the bush.
Nobody knows the real history of who I am. They call me an elusive shadoow, a master of stealth, always suspicious, never guilty. Some say I don't even exist, what do you think?
I recently moved down to frankston from an apartment in the inner city. To be honest with you I hate it here, I can't find an avacado kale sushi store here anywhere.
Prison was were I spent most of my life, funnily enough for being a serial killer. Don't worry though I'm better now, trust me.
I don't know who I am really. I guess you could call me a connoisseur of life but I feel like that description is probably too much for a person like you to comprehend.
I was working on a project at uni which involved coding a text adventure game based in Frankston. Otherworldy powers were threatened by this and now I'm stuck here. Please find the killer I just want the game to end.
What do you mean who am I? I'll have you know that I graduated top of my class in the ADF...
I am a proud member of the liberal party of Australia, but just between you and me, I sometimes privately dress up as a greens supporter.
I'm just someone looking to make something outta my life, you know? Rolling people may not be hard or honest work but you try anything better in Frankston.
METH. I AM THE METH MAN PLEASE GIVE ME METH, OH GOD PLEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASE.
I am the greatest footy player in the world and if you disagree go f*ck yourself. I may be blind but I'll f*cking deck you c*nt.
Part time drug dealer full time dancer *starts dancing
I am a parent just trying to keep everything together. All I care about are my kids nothing else.
I'm a famous youtuber that you've probably heard of, gamertag is 'GamerMouse76'. Yeah I got three subs, what are you going to do about it?
I am the real Donald Trump. Do not ask questions child.