station#You arrive at Frankston Station. The hairs at the back of your neck start to stand as a looming feeling of dread comes over you. There are 3 homeless people, 5 PSOs and more ciggies than you can count on the floor. You better get out of here fast.
beach#Frankston Beach is a magnificent sight. The sight of the waves would've been beautiful if it weren't for the fact that you stepped on a needle sticking out of the ground. There's no time to check it with a doctor, you have a killer to catch.
servo#You arrive at a Servo. You look around at the aisles and contemplate buying a meat pie. Your thinking is suddenly interrupted by a rat scurring over your leg. It scurries into a hole in the corner but before it does, you notice it's not a rat but a tiny man wearing a rat costume. Don't think about it.
maccas#Grimy floors and greasy burgers! You arrive at the Maccas, the food looks dead, the employees look dead, but so is the victim. A Ronald McDonald statue leans forward and whispers into your ear "C'mon you can do it"...
meth house#Don't be tempted by a relaxing smoke of crack. There is a killer about and you have to stop them. Also watch the floor for broken glass and meth addicts.
pier#Frankston Pier calls to you almost like a siren's song. You are suddenly filled with the irresistible urge to go fishing. The killer however has no such weakness, so you must carry on.
g House#Gazza's house could only be described in one word. Sh*t. You don't want to be here.
dandenong#You arrive at Dandenong??? How??? That's not in Frankston???? How can one suburb exists within another??? You must be going crazy. What is going on??? This doesn't make any sense but neither does murder. Abandon all rational thoughts and focus on the mission. 
centrelink#What is Greater than God, worse than evil, the poor have it, the rich require it and if you eat it you die? It's the Centrelink Office! There's no time however to be a dole-bludger. The only currency that you value is justice, and there's no wealthfare for that.
hospital#Numerous stabbings and overdoses over the years has given the doctors here so much experience that even the grim reaper cannot tread here. After walking through the front doors all are immune to death. Except for the victim if you find their body here, even doctors need a break sometimes.
sculpture#The Sculpture park is a wonderful sight. Large statues and displays of artwork fill the area, brightening up the dim environment. You would've enjoyed this a lot more if it weren't for the fact that there's a homicidal maniac on the loose.
park#This park is fun, you can run in the sun, find the killer or your career will be done!